OK so now we're going to bind in-action Creator for this for the search.
Now I'm going to go right here to the index of actions.
I'm going to create a new file that is going to be index that jazz just like we did before.
And next that jazz Briger so I can go back to search.
Now if you remember on the previous section where we were when we were covering the basics of redux
we import in the importante actions just like that imported import all.
And we did the just like this as actions.
And then from and just the main index of actions.
Well the thing is that this is not the right way to do it.
We do it on a different way.
Just gonna delete all this.
We're going to start again with with this.
So first I want to do I want to go to the to the action creators and we're going to create an action
and first be just going to cancel something just to make sure that we are calling the action correctly.
So I'm going to say export default export function and this one is going to be called Get cars something
real simple get cars right this action creator is going to receive an argument.
So whenever we triggered the section the search right here is going to call to this action and it's
going to pass that this that state that.
So we passed the keywords.
OK.
Let's get so this one who's going to receive an argument.
And it's going to be keyboards of keyboards.
Right.
So I'm going to go right here and do a console lock for now.
You're not going to do the API request because we need to use a Midwest and that section it's a bit
long so I'm going to say made a request with the.
And then we're going to use template strings.
If you're going to make use of this keyboard is viable.
We are getting.
And then just say key.
Right.
So whenever we call this action creator you can get a console log with made a request with the.
And whatever we typed right here.
OK.
So let's go back to the search.
Let's go step by step by step on this.
So the first thing we need to do or two or two use redux inside of this container we need to import
connect so we can connect redux.
So it's going to say import import and then we bring connect.
Right.
And it's going to be from.
And then re-act redux.
Right.
That's the first step.
Now we need to bring the action creator we just created and we're not going to do import all as actions.
What we do is we import the actual action.
So I'm going to say import I'm going to make use of this structuring right here.
And the function the auction creator was called Get cars and notice that right here we are exporting
this.
So what we can do instead of importing all since we need one action inside of this container we're going
to put get cars it's just going to bring that one and it's going to be from.
And then I believe it's going to be Dab-Dab for Slash and actions.
Right.
That's good.
So we have access to these action creator.
Now if you remember on the previous section we're using to inject the props whenever we have the redux
state we injected the props right here inside the container doing the map state map state to prop's
remember then there's a sequel and then we just return a new a new state return and then just an object
whatever.
And then we will just inject this inside the prop so we can have access.
The thing is that this container will not use mapped state prompts because whenever we want whenever
we load this component and we just type something and call that action creator we're just going to do
that which is call an action Creator.
This component's It's not aware of what's happening with the weed at the state so we don't need to know
about the real estate.
So there's no need to use Map state to prop's because we don't use the state right here which is trigger
in action and that's it.
Now to trigger an action we need to do something else.
And you know just like maps take the props map state to props to props.
We have a different way you know right here we get the props.
Now to this patch props dispatch action we need to call to you to use something else that is going to
be map just like that and then dispatch to props you know make sense.
Now map state prompts and map dispatch to props.
OK.
So I'm going to create it right now and am I'm going to say function just like we did before function
and this one is going to be map and then all it's in its own income case it's going to be this patch
and then two and then props.
Right.
So open close just like that.
Now this map dispatched props is going to use an argument and it's going to be dispatch.
Right.
This is from redux.
Now this dispatch needs something needs to return something.
So I'm going to say return and what we need to return.
It's something else from redux and it's going to be called bind action creators.
Now this is not something that we create right here manually not a function that we ride manually but
we need to call the find action creators from redux.
So I'm going to go just right here at the top and we're going to import that functionality.
It's going to be import and then we will we will call bind and then just action and then creators.
And remember I told you redux has fancy lingo.
Well you know it's redux.
So it's not really redux we import it directly from readers.
OK.
So since we have this what are we going to do.
We're going to go right here at the bottom and we're going to we're going to use this mind action creators.
OK.
So we called by an actual creators.
And this one takes two arguments.
The first one is going to be the action creator that we want to use in this case is going to be get
cars.
So we do get cars.
That's good.
Now what we want to do.
The second argument it's this dispatch we have right here.
You know it just it works kind of in a magic way.
OK.
The last thing we need to do is that whenever we just do the set up for read X instead of exporting
the default components we need to export it with CONNECT so we can use reacts so we can do connect.
OK.
Going to open and close and what we do right here we take two arguments but then we just return the
original component which is going to be search.
If you remember right here we used two arguments.
We use the map state two props.
And then the Preuss lecture we will be used in action action.
Now the thing is that we are not going to use this just like this anymore.
We use the map this dispatch props so I can just copy all and put map dispatched to prop's now right
here.
It says map state to properest undefined it's because we are not using it because we don't need it.
The thing is that you still need to provide something if not it's just going to it's going to fail.
So since we are not using maps data prompts what we do we say no.
And that's going to work.
OK.
That's fine.
So in theory right here my dispatch my call to the to the to the actual creator it's ready and everything
should be working just fine.
Now the only thing that we need to do is to call this action creator and the main point of doing all
of this is that whenever we can this action creator right here right here we can call it right here.
This action creator is going to be handled by readouts directly on the previous lectures since we were
using import all its actions we were triggering triggering triggering that action directly.
We were doing everything manually but now whenever we call it it's going to be handled by Ouida X right
here.
So I'm going to go and just lot of this and we're going to just call that get cars we have right here
that action creator.
So OK.
So since we have it available inside probs I'm going to said this that props that get cars you know
we have it available in this that props get cars because we are using the match dispirit dispatched
props you know with the maps that props we inject the props and right here we inject the dispatch the
action creators same idea.
There's the props that get cars this function this action creator takes an argument which is going to
be the word.
And since we have access to the keyboard right here inside the state we're going to say this that stage
that keyboard right now that's fine.
OK.
So if I type forward and click enter up we get an error message and C.Y..
That's fine that's good.
And I can explain you know why right here we get the message.
It says made a request or request with the Ford key.
So the actual creator it's getting triggered and it's receiving the keyboard.
So this is working right here.
Now what we can to do we're going to return to the Creator.
Do all the logic for the action creator returning the type and the payload.
No but we're going to do it on the next election.
But right now let's get cars is working just fine.
It's being called and receiving keywords and right here we have a nice message a nice error and it's
saying actions must be plane objects.
OK we know that we can do that right now.
As I say use custom middleware for async actions and that's why we can to use middleware.
Let's go to the next section and set up the middle work for this.